so this year at CES the RGB craze was in
full swing two years ago with keyboards
last year was motherboards this year if
you could hold it down long enough to
slap an LED on it it was our GB memory
SSDs I'm someone's probably making RGB
cables at this point but the thing about
the RGB craze is that it's very
polarizing some people love it and some
people hate it which got me thinking
what if there was some way that we could
tastefully improve RGB products so that
nobody could dislike them and then it
came to me warbly if you haven't seen
nerd sports yet check it out all the
episodes are available now for free over
at youtube.com slash Channel super fun
so for those of you watch the intro or
wondering what that smell is that thing
I've got the answer for you it is the
mechanical keyboard with LED backlight
made in China though the manufacturer
seems to be a little bit confused
because this is clearly not a keyboard
what it actually is is a set of key caps
for a mechanical keyboard so we're going
to have to go to the Amazon page to get
a little bit more detail here ah here we
go okay so it's the e element PV T
double shot injection T cat set and it's
available in the gold I showed you
already or and yes we bought both of
them this Falaschi silver set and I
gotta say I was pretty impressed
I mean P bTW these are good quality key
caps at least on the surface you haven't
opened the box yet and as long as you
can get over the aesthetic for a full
set 25 bucks that's a pretty good value
but of course like fine wine
if you don't pair it with the right food
then you're just getting wasted in your
sister's basement complaining about
whatever it is that's hard in your life
so we needed to find ourselves a
keyboard and this one from G scale looks
like a pretty good
sit this is the cam 570 it's got Cherry
MX switches in this case Browns because
yeah jobs we're going for brown switches
it's got RGB backlighting on each key
individually and you can customize the
lighting effects and all of that stuff
oh yeah did I mention these key caps do
have windows so they have lighting
pass-through for the letters and finally
it features a completely bog-standard
layout which is not great if you like
something customized about your keyboard
experience like macro keys or like oh I
don't know I can't think of too many
things that I actually like changed
about my keyboard so if you really like
short shifts or something like that then
it's not great for that but it is good
for being able to buy cheap key cap
replacement sets and have some hope of
them actually fitting okay so all that's
left now then is to open one of these
bad boys up really nice and we we still
have to choose which one gold or silver
so you guys let me know in the comments
below which one you want me to put on
quick we've got five seconds go vote who
are we kidding
there's no way to vote this is live all
right let's go ahead and open up the
gold one here I realize I'm risking
accidentally flashing our dbrand skinned
gold backgrounds but I don't think we've
ever been tempted to use it before
anyway so I'm not going to trust you oh
wow this would have been a lot better to
keep in the plastic and I would have
been able to travel even faster yep
don't get too mad at me for cutting
towards myself you realize that yes I am
under the knife but a source is being
applied in this direction see now I'm
cutting towards myself
totally different okay here we go
[Music]
and we're done
here that sound that's the sound of an
upgraded keyboard now there are a few
things we still need I overlooked that
this keyboard does actually have four
extra keys in the top right but I had a
brilliant idea at least I think it was
brilliant I'm going to grab the arrow
keys from the silver one and add just a
little bit more flick so mute can be
volume down that's right
volume down can be left arrow which is
here oh yes volume up can be right arrow
is here no which is here yes and memory
because this keyboard is programmable
can be this bad boy right here volume up
listen I got said before ok the last two
things we're going to need then are a
keyboard or a computer to plug this bad
boy into and this cloth which you'll be
keeping next to your keyboard from now
until forever if you want it to retain
its gorgeous like new shine there we go
my lute this time it won't be people oh
it's awful if that is not the world's
most amazing keyboard I really and truly
do not know what is holy crap
oh man that's what's let's get it let's
get it all dark and intimate in here oh
ok well now it's just completely dark ok
with that
how's that
ok so now we've got the software
installed and we'll have some footage
overlay of all the different profiles
you can do you can do solid colors
they've got some different effects
there's like a raining effect ripple
effect wave effect all kinds of good
stuff and you know what's the most
amazing part of all this is all this
this can be yours for less than a
hundred dollars how long it'll laugh
that we don't know theoretically
double-shot keycaps last pretty much
forever but what I noticed is that well
let loose notice he's actually our chief
teacup expert is that the thin foil
coating over the top is actually not
that durable so it might not last for
that long but it'll look amazing in the
mean time actually Luke come on over
here fun perfect other other than the
scratches I actually don't think that
they could have made that it was enough
and the fact that they made this as a
light comes through impeccable they're
being completely sarcastic yeah I
actually hate it those are absolutely
the worst looking key test I've ever
seen a must I okay okay eggs they are
amazing okay so there you have it have
we achieved our goal of making RGB less
polarizing no no we have not but we had
an awful lot of fun doing it so today
we're talking about I fix its latest and
greatest pro tech tool kit it's been
completely reimagined you've never seen
tools like this before
but it's just as rugged and portable as
before you've got the new 64 bit driver
kit which is held in with magnets which
is amazing and a bunch of other tools
that are wider and variety and more
durable than ever like these pride tools
that are pretty much impossible to break
so whatever kind of project it is that
you want to work on I fix it's got you
covered you go over to their website you
look at their fantastic step-by-step
guides you head over to their store you
buy their tools which have a lifetime
guarantee and you are pretty much set to
start saving yourself money by fixing
things your self and if you
to save a few bucks all you got to do is
head over to ifixit.com slash Linus and
use code LTT at the checkout to save
five bucks on your purchase of $10 or
more so thanks for watching guys or you
just like this video hit that button if
you liked it hit the like button get
subscribed maybe even consider checking
out where to buy I mean you don't have
to buy this you can buy something else
the keyboards really nice I don't know
about but you guessed that that's on you
but some people will like it we've got
that linked in the video description you
can buy it on Amazon also link down
there is where you can buy cool shirts
like the one that I'm wearing as well as
our community forum which you should
totally join now that you're done doing
all those things you should probably
watch Luke ultimate keycap replacement
guide where he goes through in much more
detail how to find not just shiny gold
ones for just standard layout keyboards
and all kinds of different types of C
caps to change your typing experience as
well as to change the aesthetics of your
keyboard in a way that you personally
will find pleasing because I'll admit
this is not for everyone